---
title: "AIAA 5028 Machine Learning on Graphs"
permalink: /aiaa5028/
author_profile: true
description: AIAA 5028 Machine Learning on Graphs.
---

Introduction
---
This course covers recent developments in machine learning on graph-structured data. Topics including network embedding, graph neural networks, knowledge graph embedding, generative models for graphs, scalable graph neural networks, explainable graph neural networks, and their applications. You are expected to finish several lab assignments, a survey on graph learning, a course project, and successfully participate a graph competition.

Course materials on Canvas: https://canvas.ust.hk/courses/46976

Lab Exercise
---
You are required to finish three coding assignments with Python and Jupyter Notebook. Checkout assignments on Canvas.

* **Deadline**: Please Submit your assignments via Canvas by 11:59 PM GMT+8
* **Late submission**: 10% penalty of total points for every day an assignment is late


Paper Reading
---
You are required to submit a survey paper with topics related to graph learning.

* Checkout the following topics or free research
	- test
* Register your selected topic in the end of September
* Can be the same topic of course project
* Final report: 6 pages main text and up to 2 pages references in IJCAI format: https://ijcai-22.org/calls-survey/
* Review: every report will be reviewed by at least three student reviewers
* Grouping: up to 3 team members
* Consider to submit your survey to IJCAI 2023, and good luck!


Course Project
---
You are required to finish a course project with topics related to graph learning.

* Checkout the following project topics or free research
* Grouping: No more than 3 students
* Mid-term project proposal: submit the title and abstract of your project
* Project report: 7 pages not including references in IJCAI format, should enclosed with code
* Final project presentation in the end of semester
* Consider to submit to IJCAI/ACL/ICML/KDD/SIGIR, and good luck!


Graph Competition
---
Finally, you are required to participate a open-world competition with using graph learning techniques.

* Team up for a data science competition, e.g.,
	- Heterogeneous Graph Benchmark - Node Classification: https://www.biendata.net/competition/hgb-1/
	- Knowledge-aware Recommendation: https://www.biendata.net/competition/hgb-3/
* Grouping: No more than 3 students
* Grading formula: (100%-your rank)/100%
* Basic requirements:
	- Using graph learning techniques in the solution
	- Submit a brief report with code
	- A competition with no less than 50 teams



